feat(python): Add sentry_logs_level option to Loguru, Logging integration (#14015)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/loguru/index.mdx

  Default: `ERROR`

- `sentry_logs_level`

  The Sentry Python SDK will capture log records with a level higher than or equal to `sentry_logs_level` as logs. If set to `None`, the SDK won't send records as logs.

>   This option is used for fine-tuning the Sentry logs experience. You need to have the experimental `enable_logs` option set to `True` to capture Loguru logs.

Reviewer: I have multiple suggestions here.

First, I would completely remove the first sentence; it is redundant with the previous line.

I would then also modify the second sentence to clarify that `enable_logs` is only needed to use the Sentry logs feature. As currently written, it sounds like this option is required for capturing any Loguru logs; however, it is only needed for the logs feature, and not for breadcrumbs and events.

Lastly, to clarify that setting the experimental flag is required even when `sentry_logs_level` is set, I added the "regardless of..." part. We can omit that if you think it is unnecessary

```suggestion
  To capture Loguru log records as Sentry logs, you must enable the experimental `enable_logs` option when initializing the SDK (regardless of the `sentry_logs_level` setting).
```
